Brian Nguyen
                                                          Assignment 14
                                                          
Which assignment took you the longest to complete?
	  The first assignment took the longest to complete.
    
Which assignment was the most difficult?
	I think assignment 7 where we had to make a Boolean calculator might be the most difficult because you had to use a 
  combination of a little bit of everything learned in addition to figuring out how to implement the “table-driven
  selection” technique. 
  
Which assignment was the easiest?
	Assignment 8 was the easiest as it was just a few number conversions.
  
Of the concepts we covered, which (if any) are you the most confused about still?
	Some of the hardware material from the beginning is still unfamiliar to me.
  
If we had an extra week to spend on any of the concepts covered in this course, which one would it be?
	I would be interested in having a closer or slower-paced look at the hardware material and how it connects to 
  assembly or maybe doing more sort-algorithms for practice could be fun.
  
Were there any assignments you felt were unnecessarily tedious (not necessarily difficult, but that took too long to
 complete)
	I feel that all the assignments took about the right amount of time.
  
Which assignment was your favorite?
	Either the one where we had to print out a character at random places on the screen or the bubble sort algorithm. 
  The random location character printing was more visual so it felt like the coding we did accomplished more. The 
  bubble sort was fun like in a “solving a puzzle” kind of way.
  
Which assignment do you think you learned the most from?
	I learned most from the assignment where there were two programming exercises: the Fibonacci numbers and the random 
  screen location character printing. In these assignments we had to put a little bit of everything we learned 
  together to complete them, yet they were simple enough that they didn’t get in the way of learning.
  
Were the assignment requirements and due dates clear enough? If not, how so?
	Very Clear.
  
On a scale of 1-5, rate the difficulty (1=Breating, 5=Exiting Vim) of this course compared to other CIS courses 
you've taken.
	2. Not difficult.
  
Was the book used in this course effective/helpful? Would you recommend a different one?
	I thought the hardware explanations were confusing as many of the material they presented I had personally never 
  even heard of before, but they kind-of throw everything at you at once and assumed you knew many of the hardware 
  components. However, I thought that the assembly language explanations were pretty clear. I don’t know about any 
  other assembly textbook as it is my first time studying the subject.
  
Were there any topics that we didn't cover that you would have liked to see included?
	I don’t have anything specific in mind.
  
How can this course be improved?
	What helped me with learning in the course most—besides coding, making mistakes and learning from them—were the 
  walk-along coding sessions with in-depth explanations of why we do what we do and showing of common sources of 
  errors and how to deal with them. 
  
This assignment is worth 7 points and is EXTRA CREDIT. The content of your answers will NOT influence your grade.
